feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6555e43e783ed31a0532b1b2.md

---
id: 6555e43e783ed31a0532b1b2
title: Step 89
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-89
---

# --description--

> The newline character `\n` is a special sequence used to represent a new line. You can use it as a normal character inside your strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newline character `\n` is a special sequence used to represent a new line. You can write a backslash `\` followed by an `n` as a normal sequence of characters in a string and it will be replaced by a new line in the output when the program runs.
```

Reviewer: I would suggest specifying that this sequence of characters will be replaced by a new line in the output and that the sequence \n will not be displayed in the final string.
